So let's do a deeper dive
into CloudFormation StackSets.
So StackSets, as we know,
is a way for you to deploy stacks
across multiple accounts
and regions all in a single operation.
So we have the stack instance being deployed
in different regions and different accounts.
Now the only way for you to do this
is to have the administrator accounts create StackSets,
and the target accounts are only used for the creation,
the adaptation, and the deletion of these instances
from the StackSets.
When you upload and update a StackSets
in the administrator account,
then all the target accounts are going
to receive this updates in all regions.
And you can also, to define what is a target account
and what is Administrative account,
apply this to accounts from within an AWS Organization.
So let's talk about the permission model.
So because there is the concept of administrator accounts
and then target accounts,
there must be permissions.
And so you have IAM roles
with trust relationships in both the administrator
and the target accounts.
And these IAM roles allow you
to deploy your CloudFormation templates
into the target accounts.
So in the administrator accounts,
there is a AWS CloudFormation StackSet administration role,
which has a trust relationship
with every AWS CloudFormation StackSet execution role
in every target accounts.
And it is for you to manually create these roles
if you are not using AWS Organization.
This is the self-managed permissions.
If you have service-managed permissions,
then you use AWS Organization,
and automatically, Organization is going to create
the IAM role on your behalf.
For this, we need to enable trusted access
within AWS Organization and all features,
and automatically, you can deploy
to any new accounts in the future,
including the new accounts in your organization.
So here, we have the management accounts
or a delegated administrator
that is deploying to the target accounts,
and we don't need to worry about IAM roles.
So on top of it,
if you have new accounts in your organization,
you can have a feature to enable deploying stack instances
automatically to these new accounts.
So this allows you to really make sure that, for example,
one stack is deployed across all accounts
in your organization as soon as they're created.
You can also decide
to delegate the StackSet administration,
to specific member accounts in your organization
for security and governance purposes.
Also, to make sure that this all works together,
you need to make sure that you have trusted access
within your organization to be enabled
so that the delegated administrator can deploy
to accounts managed by Organization.
So to summarize, StackSets with AWS Organization,
we have the organization itself.
We have maybe a delegated administrator account
that is going to deploy a StackSet
and manage stack instances
into all the target member accounts in different OU.
For example, the Prod OU and the Dev OU.
And if you have enabled it,
and you have a new account in one of the OUs,
then automatically, a stack instance
will be deployed to that new account.
And that is the whole power of using StackSets
with AWS Organization.
So that's it for it.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.